Update PR template checklist (#1370)
newrelic/newrelic-quickstarts: .github/pull_request_template.md

# Summary

> A concise description of the changes being introduced. Please review the pre-merge checklist section to validate this PR is ready for review.

Reviewer: After discussing, we should also add in somewhere that if a PR is not ready for review, it should remain in a draft until all parties are ready for review

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A concise description of the changes being introduced. Please review the pre-merge checklist section to validate this pull request is ready for review and merge. If it is not ready, please mark the pull request as a draft.
```
